The following is how I visualize each scene in my head. 



Chapter One: Intro

Cut scene- Jessie and Janey are walking down a main street in Recyke. They are talking/ bantering as they turn down a an alley way to an out of view entrance. 



After providing the password, various locks turn and the door opens. The two enter and as the music swells to its peak, the camera rises up to show the city skyline as the opening title credits fade into frame. 



Chapter Two: The Moral Code

Cut scene - after going through the door, Jessie and Janey have now entered an old and rusted looking elevator. Jessie comforts Janey as they descend. Once at the bottom floor, the elevator opens and the pair exit. Standing in the middle of the room is a hooded figure. The room is well kept but made from recycled parts. There are leaky pipes, some puddles. On the wall is the moral code symbol (to be determined). Holograms of news reals flicker. Monitor screens show program data. There are other people in the background watching. This figure beckons Janey to stand before him by saying “Recruit! Step forward.” 



Player makes Janey walk to the Hooded figure. 



The hooded figure then begins the oath ritual by reciting vow questions. 



“Do swear to do no harm unless absolutely necessary?”



“I Do” 



“Do you promise to uphold the code, and understand it may be hard to carry?”



“I Do!”



“Do you swear to upload the code if given access, and by doing so, destroy the Nexis?” 



(Music swells before answer) Lyrics imply an answer in the positive. Janey is accepted into the Moral Code. 



During the main body of the song, the player could be given a series of tests (call it “training”). to teach the player controls and basic understanding of mechanics of the game. (Like basic items found in map and what they do, platform jumping, blocking, shooting, etc) 



After completing the simple tasks. The song ends like on the record with the moral code leader saying “Welcome Recruit, to The Moral Code!” 







Chapter Three: First Strike

Jessie and Janey are in the core of a Nexus Information Hub in Recyke. Jessie has just integrated a device into the main operating system that will cause the buildings electronic cooling systems to fail (Resulting in the buildings explosion). As alarms go off, Janey goes over mission objections. 



If played by Jessie, you must fight through enemies in several rooms to reach the secondary system controls and disable them before time runs out. Jessie has to fight head of security before making his exit. 





If played by Janey, she must fight through other rooms and remove “the module” before time runs out. After getting attacked by a head of security before she can reach “The Module” Janey  is forced to run. Leaving The Module behind



Janey must test several doors to find the only unlocked one so she can meet back up with Jessie in another hallway. He guides her through, letting her where to turn until the make their exit. 



Jessie and Janey make there way back to the cruiser in the wrecking yard down the street from the Information Hub. As they enter the cruiser and begin to fly, the Hub explodes. 



Inside the cruiser, Jessie instructs Janey to lay low and hide for a few days to let the dust settle. (See track 3 on album for exact dialog). Jessie tells Janey to go back to her parents house in “Sky-view” (the rich neighborhood. Janey comes from affluence and power. Father works for Nexus)



Chapter Four: Breaking news in sky view



Janey is at a house party hosted by her father. As they talk and Janeys father talks down to her about hanging out with Jessie from recycle (See album track for dialog), another guest announces the tv needs to be turned on to the news for some sort of announcement. 



The news caster announces recycle is going to be attacked by Nexus enforcement drones/ robots and anyone in the area will die. Non involved parties are advised to leave the area. 



(Recycle is under attack because Janey left the module in chapter 3.Nexus forces tracked Jessies location)



Play helps Janey run to her own cruiser. 



Chapter five: Reaching Out



Janey’s cruiser takes off and player must fly cruiser to recyke to try and rescue Jessie.  Player has to destroy Nexus flight drones and avoid being hit. 



Hologram signs promoting propaganda will provide extra boost to cruiser if flown through.



Power ups to cruiser guns will appear for the cruiser to fly through to acquire new weapons.





Chapter Six: 

Cut Scene

Jessie is working with other code operatives in a multi story building on a computer. He looks up to see a missile flying right towards him. It strikes and detonates sending Jessie flying. 



After regaining conciseness, player must control Jessie to what used to be a wall without being seen by invading robots. Upon reaching the exposed hole, Janey flies to him and calls for him. When jessie makes himself known and begins running to her, jessie is shot and killed. Janey flies away to escape. 



Chapter Seven: Ctrl Alt Del



the player will control Janey and fly her cruiser to the regional server. Along the way she will shoot enemy drones while avoid being hit. 



Hologram signs promoting propaganda will provide extra boost to cruiser if flown through.



Power ups to cruiser guns will appear for the cruiser to fly through to acquire new weapons. 



Chapter Eight: Aquire this!



Janey is outside the regional server. Player must help her climb the fence and strike down a robot that has its back turned to her with a bat before making entry.



Once inside, Janey must fight her way through to the regional server hub. 



Chapter Nine: Janey hacks the regional server. Player must help Janey escape before timer runs out and building explodes. Fighting robots and drones along the way. 



Power ups available. Including stealing robot guns to use against them. Robot guns have limited amo. Forcing player to continually drop weapon and steal new one from downed robots. 



Chapter ten: Never say Die

Cut scene

End credits. 



Janey is standing on a building roof top, overlooking the city and vowing to the memory of Jessy to continue the fight against the nexus. 







Characters:



Janey: 

Age: 18-ish

Height: 5ft 6in

Build: athletic

Face: blue eyes, high cheekbones, (very pretty)

Hair: Dark Red. 

Clothing: 80’s punk (#daddyissues), torns jeans or plaid skirt. Combat boots. Neck choker. Single shoulder pad/ armor?  

Colors: Purple, Lime Green

Distinguishing Features: Side pony tail

Skills/ Abilities: hand grenades, laser pistol, hollow gram wrist watch can summon a hologram copy for 30 seconds to double damage. Must kill “X” amount of enemies to fill up recharge bar for hologram use. 

Equipment: backpack allows player to carry “X” amount of previously stated items, including health refills. 



(Player must level up to access all abilities and gadgets, increase size of backpack)



Jessie:

Age:19

Height: 5ft 11in

Build: athletic

Face: Brown eyes, angular face

Hair: messy brown hair. (Think Charlie Sheen in “Ferris Buelers day Off”)  

Clothing: leather jacket, jeans, combat boots. 

Color: red, blue

Distinguishing features: Tattoo

Skills/ Abilities: Hover board (for short term use only, can ram multiple enemies), larger laser pistol that shoots three successive rounds with each trigger pull, Hologram wrist watch that sends out energy pulse for 30 seconds that stuns enemies when they enter its field. Player must kill “X” amount of enemies to recharge bar for hologram use. 